c:\users\egork\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\students\students\bin\Debug\students.exe.config
c:\users\egork\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\students\students\bin\Debug\students.exe
c:\users\egork\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\students\students\bin\Debug\students.pdb
c:\users\egork\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\students\students\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\egork\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\students\students\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\egork\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\students\students\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\egork\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\students\students\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\egork\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\students\students\bin\Debug\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\egork\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\students\students\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\egork\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\students\students\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\egork\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\students\students\obj\Debug\students_Content.g.cs
c:\users\egork\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\students\students\obj\Debug\students_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\egork\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\students\students\obj\Debug\students_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\egork\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\students\students\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\egork\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\students\students\obj\Debug\students.g.resources
c:\users\egork\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\students\students\obj\Debug\students.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\egork\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\students\students\obj\Debug\students.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\egork\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\students\students\obj\Debug\students.exe
c:\users\egork\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\students\students\obj\Debug\students.pdb
C:\Users\egork\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\students\students\obj\Debug\students.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\egork\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\students\students\obj\Debug\home.g.cs
C:\Users\egork\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\students\students\obj\Debug\registration.g.cs
C:\Users\egork\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\students\students\obj\Debug\home.baml
C:\Users\egork\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\students\students\obj\Debug\registration.baml
